Humph
You're not going to let that bitch come after all, are you?
Xiaoyan, you said
Grandma, slow down.
Take it
depth of field
How could you do such a stupid thing?
Let the woman live in the master's room
Have you ever considered what it feels like to be eloquent?
Grandma, you said you are weak
And now she's pregnant.
It is inconvenient for him to live alone
I don't want to hear that.
Ten thousand steps back
Even if you come in and cheat me so much
Which night can't you sleep?
I insist on sleeping in your room
Grandma, you misunderstood.
these
It's all my clothes
Don't speak for him
My old woman's eyes are not blind
These random clothes are not yours
Grandma, I took the initiative to give up the room
You child
You bastard
Xiaoya is such a good child
Why don't you know how to cherish it?
If it really comes to divorce
You regret that grandma can't help you
Hmm, I know, grandma.
Grandma, won't you stay for a while?
My mom's food is ready
No no
I'm going to be pissed off by that kid if I stay any longer
Hey Xiaoyan, tell grandma
Did they force you out, Grandma?